http://seniorproject.colepillars.com

``What is Money Makers?``
Money Makers is a stock viewing and suggestion website. Individual stock pages (such as Ford) exist which show: recent data points in table and graph form, an RSS feed of recent news related to the stock, the advice on whether to buy, sell, or to hold the stock, company information, and Potential and Market Gains. Stock data is updated daily as too reflect current trends.

``Why should I create an account?``
Creating an account allows you to follow the stocks that you want to consistently view. The carousel at the top of the page will be customized with the stocks that you have followed, allowing for quicker access.

``How do we determine we should buy, sell, or hold a stock?``
Money Makers uses a variety of self implemented trading strategies in combination to determine the future of a stock. These include the 2-period RSI, the Heikin-Ashi methods, and the Narrow Range method.

``What is the Simulation tab? What are Potential and Market Gains?``
The basic idea of the simulation tab is this: How much money would you lose/gain if you had consistently invested following our advice (potential gains) compared with just holding the stock(market gains)? The values are generated by running a simulation on the last 100 stock data points with a theoretical $1000. Potential gains is then calculated by going through each data point and buying/selling when our algorithm says too. Market gains are simply calculated by buying the stock at the beginning and then selling it at the end. This allows you to compare how our algorithms perform compared to the market. The values are expressed in percentages (ex. Market Gains: -31.56% means the market loses 31 percent of the theoretical $1000 over the last 100 day).

``Who are we?``
This website was created by: Gjergji Heqimi, Pete Iacona, Eric Le, Cole Pillars, and Carl Welland. This project was our Senior Design Project at Oakland University during the Winter 2018 semester.


``Deployment Outline``

  Clone repository into document root of apache and install LAMP stack

  Getting database structure from server_config .sql files and create connection account

  Setup email server server_config/SetupMailServer.txt
  
  Initiliaze a Cron to run resources/fetchdailystockvalues.php between 1AM and 4AM
  
  View server_config/Deployment.txt for more information
